Review and Reflect Q & A.

1) Briefly describe your understanding of what the browser does, including
   definitions of the following:

        client: This is the local computer the user is on.
        server: This is a remote computer on the web which hosts the files you
                are accessing.
        render: This is the process of displaying images?

2) What is HTML? In your answer, include definitions of the following:

        tag: A tag are HTML commands which have a <start> and usually an <end>
             They are used to identify and define HTML elements.
        element: They are defined by <tags>. They are individual components of
                 HTML documents. They define what the HTML documents will look
                 and how the document will operate. All HTML documents are
                 generated by the elements.
        node: All attributes, elements, text, comments, and the document itself.
              Everything is a node.
        attribute: It is a modifier for HTML elements. It either modifies the
                   default functionality or adds additional functionality to an
                   element.
        block element: Block level elements can appear in the body of an HTML
                       page. It can contain another blocker level element and
                       inline elements. By default they begin on new lines.
        inline element: They can sppear in the body of an HTML page. It can
                        contain data and other inline elements. By default they
                        do not begin on a new line. They create shorter
                        structures than block elements.

3) Very briefly, explain the purpose of the following elements:

        head: This defines the meta data & layout for the overall page. Here
              you are able to define the name of the page and what displays
              in the tab of the browser.
        body: This is the overall body of the HTML document.
        p: This is a paragraph element. It creates the text in paragraph form.
        form: This creates a form in an HTML document were you can setup inputs
              such as buttons, text boxes, etc...
        div: This is a generic empty element container. It is used to put other
             elements inside of for ease of use and general workflow
             improvements.
        span: This is a generic inline container for phrasing content. It is
              similar to a <div> in that it does not inheritly mean anything
              by itself, but instead groups elements together, just in-line.
        select: A table command that presents a user with a menu of options.
        h2: Heading 2. Smaller than heading 1, larger than heading 3.
        ol: Ordered List. This creates items in a numbered, ordered list.
        ul: Unorder list. This creates items in a bulleted, unorder list.
        table: This element defines the start and end of a talbe in an html doc
        tr: Table row. This is used to define the start and stop of items that
            will populate a row in a table.
        td: Table data. This is used to define the start and stop of items that
            will populate a column in a row.
